feat: Allow setting of Grid component elements (#510) (#511)
indiana-university/rivet-react: src/components/Grid/Col.md

</Container>
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Set elements of containers

> 

Reviewer: It would be worthwhile to have additional documentation about why users would want to do this and what it means to set the `component` prop.

</Container>
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Set elements of containers

> The `component` property overrides the element of the container allowing for the user of semantic elements when needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `component` property overrides the element of the container allowing for the use of semantic elements when needed. The default component is a `div`.
```
